Qualys v2: Fixed an issue in check_fetch_duration_time (#36584)
demisto/content: Packs/qualys/ReleaseNotes/3_0_7.md

#### Integrations
##### Qualys VMDR

> - Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-assets*** failed on set the limit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-assets*** process would fail when automatically adjusting the pull limit.
```
